Game-start:
Users click start and choose the number of players in the game (from 2 to 4 players).
The game is played in turns.
The players can play rock-paper-scissors to decide order of playing.
In the beginning, each player will have 500 resources each type (food, money, ore, wood, stone).
This money can be used to buy and build buildings on the map.

Game-play:
Each turn, players can do those following actions:
Build buildings:
There are three main types of buildings in the game.
- Sawmill, farm, mine. They helps the users to increase the production of each land (tile) the player has
- Smallhouse, Largehouse, Apartmentblock and Skyscrapper. Build these buildings increase the number of people (workers) the players has.
- Outpost. Help the players to get ownership of neighborhood lands.
How to build: 
The player must click on the tile that has no-owner or he/she owns the tile/land. After that, the player can pick different building type
and build button to build. (Remember: player can only build if he/she has enough resources)

Assign workers:
The player can assign workers to a tile to increase the efficiency of tile-production.
How to assign:
The player can click on tile to see information about that tile. If the player owns the tile, he/she can assign the workers to tile by choose
the type of workers he/she want to assign and click assign button. After that, an dialog will open and the player can type in the number of workers to 
assign. 

Unassign workers:
The player can unassign workers from a tile to get them back.
How to unassign:
The player can click on tile to see information about that tile. If the player owns the tile, he/she can unassign the workers from the tile by choose
the type of workers he/she want to unassign and click unassign button. After that, an dialog will open and the player can type in the number of workers to 
unassign. 

The player can click on end turn to end their turn.

How to win:
The game ends when a player can get 5000 resources in total and 50 people in total. His/her village becomes the largest in Pirkamaa and they claim
the ownership of the whole magical land.



